README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Aman Raj</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=500&size=25&pause=1000&color=1E90FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=550&lines=Full-Stack+Web+Developer;Computer+Science+Undergraduate;MERN+Stack+Developer;Open+Source+Contributor" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aman-6301&label=Profile%20Visits&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

---

🎓 **Education**  
**B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering**  
*Cochin University of Science and Technology (2023–2027)*  
📊 *Current CGPA: 8.5+*

---

💻 **Technical Expertise**

- **Programming Languages:** Java, JavaScript (ES6+), C, C++  
- **Frontend Development:** HTML5, CSS3, React.js, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Responsive Design  
- **Backend & Database:** Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, RESTful API Development  
- **Developer Tools:** Git, GitHub, VS Code, Render, Netlify, Postman, Vite, Figma  
- **APIs & Integrations:** OpenWeatherMap API, REST API Implementation  
- **Core CS Concepts:** Data Structures & Algorithms, OOP, DBMS, Networking  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,nodejs,express,mongodb,git,github,figma,vscode" />
</p>

---

🚀 **Highlighted Projects**

- 🔹 [**Book Review Application**](https://book-review6.onrender.com/)  
  *A full-stack MERN web app enabling users to discover, review, and rate books.*  
  - Implemented **JWT-based authentication** and CRUD operations with RESTful APIs  
  - Designed an elegant and responsive UI using **React.js** & **Tailwind CSS**  
  - Backend developed with **Express.js** & **MongoDB**, deployed on **Render**

- 🔹 [**Tetris Block Game**](https://aman-6301.github.io/Block-Game/)  
  *Classic browser-based Tetris built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.*  
  - Developed **collision detection**, scoring logic, and increasing difficulty levels  
  - Crafted a smooth, responsive game interface optimized for multiple screen sizes  

- 🔹 [**Weather App**](https://aman-6301.github.io/Weather-App/)  
  *Dynamic web app fetching real-time weather data using the OpenWeather API.*  
  - Showcases live temperature, humidity, and wind data  
  - Features search functionality with **input validation & error handling**  
  - Built with a **mobile-first responsive layout**

---

🏅 **Achievements**

- 🏆 *Reliance Foundation Undergraduate Scholarship Recipient*  
- 🎓 *Meta Front-End Developer Certification (Coursera)*  
- 💡 *Google Solution Challenge 2025 – Certificate of Achievement*  
- 💻 *Solved 150+ Data Structures & Algorithms Problems*

---

📊 **GitHub Analytics**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aman-6301">
    <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=aman-6301&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" />
    <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=aman-6301&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aman-6301">
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aman-6301&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
</p>

---

🤝 **Let’s Connect**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aman-raj-280964336/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:amanraj6301@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-amanraj6301%40gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

---

🐍 **GitHub Contribution Animation**

![snake animation](https://github.com/aman-6301/aman-6301/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)

---

⭐️ *Thanks for visiting my profile! Explore my repositories, connect on LinkedIn, or collaborate on exciting full-stack projects.*

Commit message:

Add AppDost Clone project to README
Updated project list in README to include AppDost Clone.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Aman Raj</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=500&size=25&pause=1000&color=1E90FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=550&lines=Full-Stack+Web+Developer;Computer+Science+Undergraduate;MERN+Stack+Developer;Open+Source+Contributor" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aman-6301&label=Profile%20Visits&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

---

🎓 **Education**  
**B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering**  
*Cochin University of Science and Technology (2023–2027)*  
📊 *Current CGPA: 8.5+*

---

💻 **Technical Expertise**

- **Programming Languages:** Java, JavaScript (ES6+), C, C++  
- **Frontend Development:** HTML5, CSS3, React.js, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Responsive Design  
- **Backend & Database:** Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, RESTful API Development  
- **Developer Tools:** Git, GitHub, VS Code, Render, Netlify, Postman, Vite, Figma  
- **APIs & Integrations:** OpenWeatherMap API, REST API Implementation  
- **Core CS Concepts:** Data Structures & Algorithms, OOP, DBMS, Networking  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,nodejs,express,mongodb,git,github,figma,vscode" />
</p>

---

🚀 **Highlighted Projects**

- 🔹 [**Book Review Application**](https://book-review6.onrender.com/)  
  *A full-stack MERN web app enabling users to discover, review, and rate books.*  
  - Implemented **JWT-based authentication** and CRUD operations with RESTful APIs  
  - Designed an elegant and responsive UI using **React.js** & **Tailwind CSS**  
  - Backend developed with **Express.js** & **MongoDB**, deployed on **Render**

- 🔹 [**AppDost Clone**](https://task-appdostclone.vercel.app/)  
  *A responsive marketing website clone built with modern frontend technologies.*  
  - Developed using **React.js**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **Vite** for optimized performance
   and fast HMR-based development  
  - Built a **reusable component library** to maintain design consistency and accelerate UI
    development  
  - Focused on **clean, responsive layouts** and **modern design principles** to closely
    replicate the original AppDost interface   

- 🔹 [**Weather App**](https://aman-6301.github.io/Weather-App/)  
  *Dynamic web app fetching real-time weather data using the OpenWeather API.*  
  - Showcases live temperature, humidity, and wind data  
  - Features search functionality with **input validation & error handling**  
  - Built with a **mobile-first responsive layout**

---

🏅 **Achievements**

- 🏆 *Reliance Foundation Undergraduate Scholarship Recipient*  
- 🎓 *Meta Front-End Developer Certification (Coursera)*  
- 💡 *Google Solution Challenge 2025 – Certificate of Achievement*  
- 💻 *Solved 150+ Data Structures & Algorithms Problems*

---

📊 **GitHub Analytics**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aman-6301">
    <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=aman-6301&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" />
    <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=aman-6301&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aman-6301">
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aman-6301&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" />
  </a>
</p>

---

🤝 **Let’s Connect**

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aman-raj-280964336/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:amanraj6301@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-amanraj6301%40gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

---

🐍 **GitHub Contribution Animation**

![snake animation](https://github.com/aman-6301/aman-6301/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)

---

⭐️ *Thanks for visiting my profile! Explore my repositories, connect on LinkedIn, or collaborate on exciting full-stack projects.*
